中国河南的中小学大多都是超越996的存在
对初高中学校的控诉

我是一个中国河南省的学生
再小学的时候，我们的私立小学实行的制度是早上6点上早自习，7点下课，晚上八点下课，学校实行全封闭式管理，
一天学习14个小时，每两周放假一天，我有理由认为这种惨无人道的工作制度严重损害了我们小学生的健康。
我们小学的伙食条件非常差，但是我们也要知道再2008年，我们那里还是一个非常贫穷的地方，就算是有更好的伙食，我们也负担不起，这一点无可指责，相对的，饭堂的便宜的饭菜还算是说的过去。


初中
我们学校依然沿袭小学时候的制度，状况稍微比小学的时候好一些。 没有那么压力山大。但是到了初三的时候，我依然出现了大量的身体不适，

初中是封闭式管理，伙食非常的差，卫生条件也相当的一般，我甚至再饭堂里吃出过蚯蚓，也在饭堂因为食物出现过休假，这一切都是完全没有必要的存在，我能负担得起外面的相对来说比较好吃的食物，也能够负担得起外面的比较新鲜的食物，但是因为我没有办法出门。
我讨厌这个学校，这一种耗损式的竞争并不会带给我们理想中好成绩，带来的实际上只有我们日益顺坏的健康，和越来越差的视力。

当我的有一次因为吃米饭出现食物中毒的时候，我非常的不舒服，想要回家休息，我还没有走到楼下的时候，
就已经开始呕吐了，在我呕吐之后，十分劳累，我想要回家，这个时候老师不是安心的关心我的身体，而是问我是不是可以回去学习，我感到我不过是学校升学的一个齿轮，一个机器，一个升学的名额，那一是2010年我14岁，那个时候的我认为这种毫无尊严的教学制度是不合理的。现在我22岁了，我并没有像我老师说的那样理解了这一切努力都是为了更好的未来而奋斗，恰恰相反，我依然保持当时的态度，这种制度是完全不合理的，这是一种过度竞争


我们下一代中小学生不应该因为被迫陷入这样的竞争

Complaint against junior high school

I am a student from Henan Province, China.
When we were in elementary school, the system implemented in our private primary school was self-study at 6 in the morning, class at 7 o'clock, and class at 8 o'clock in the evening. The school implemented fully enclosed management.
I study 14 hours a day and have a day off every two weeks. I have reason to believe that this inhuman work system has seriously damaged the health of our primary school students.
The food conditions in our primary school are very poor, but we also need to know that in 2008, we are still a very poor place. Even if we have better food, we can't afford it. This is beyond reproach. Relatively, rice. The cheap meals of the church are still the past.


junior high school
Our school still follows the system of elementary school, and the situation is slightly better than that of elementary school. Not so stressful. But by the time of the third day, I still had a lot of physical discomfort.

The junior high school is closed management, the food is very poor, the sanitary conditions are quite general, I even eaten in the dining hall, and in the dining hall because the food has been on vacation, all this is completely unnecessary, I Can afford the relatively good food outside, can also afford the fresher food outside, but because I can't go out.
I hate this school. This kind of depletion competition will not bring us good results in our ideals. It will only bring us our increasingly poor health and worse eyesight.

When I had food poisoning once when I was eating rice, I was very uncomfortable. I wanted to go home and rest. I have not yet walked downstairs.
I have already started vomiting. After I vomited, I was very tired. I want to go home. At this time, the teacher didn’t care about my body with peace of mind. I asked if I could go back to study. I felt that I was only one of the school’s students. Gears, a machine, a place to go to school, that is, I was 14 years old in 2010. At that time, I thought that this undaunted teaching system was unreasonable. Now that I am 22 years old, I have not understood that all these efforts are for a better future, as my teacher said. On the contrary, I still maintain the attitude at the time. This system is totally unreasonable. Is an excessive competition


Our next generation of primary and secondary school students should not fall into this category because of forced competition.
